NAME
       gcloud-compute-disks-create - Create Google Compute Engine persistent
       disks

SYNOPSIS
       gcloud compute disks create
         NAME [NAME ...]
         [--description DESCRIPTION]
         [--size SIZE]
         [--source-image SOURCE_IMAGE | --source-snapshot SOURCE_SNAPSHOT]
         --zone ZONE
         [-h, --help]

DESCRIPTION
       gcloud compute disks create creates one or more Google Compute Engine
       persistent disks. When creating virtual machine instances, disks can be
       attached to the instances through the gcloud compute instances create
       command. Disks can also be attached to instances that are already
       running using gloud compute instances attach-disk.

       Disks are zonal resources, so they reside in a particular zone for
       their entire lifetime. The contents of a disk can be moved to a
       different zone by snapshotting the disk (using gcloud compute disks
       snapshot) and creating a new disk using "--source-snapshot" in the
       desired zone.

       When creating disks, be sure to include the "--zone" option:

           $ gcloud compute disks create my-disk-1 my-disk-2 --zone us-east1-a

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
       NAME [NAME ...]
           The names of the disks to create.

FLAGS
       --description DESCRIPTION
           An optional, textual description for the disks being created.

       --size SIZE
           Indicates the size of the disks. The value must be a whole number
           followed by a size unit of "KB" for kilobyte, "MB" for megabyte,
           "GB" for gigabyte, or "TB" for terabyte. For example, "10GB" will
           produce 10 gigabyte disks. If omitted, a default size of 200 GB is
           used. The minimum size a disk can have is 1 GB. Disk size must be a
           multiple of 1 GB.

       --source-image SOURCE_IMAGE
           A source image to apply to the disks being created.

           The value for this option can be the name of an image in the
           current project, a URI when referring to an image in another
           project, or an alias from the table below.

           Alias                Project        Image Name
           centos-6             centos-cloud   centos-6-v20140415
           debian-7             debian-cloud   debian-7-wheezy-v20140415
           debian-7-backports   debian-cloud   backports-debian-7-wheezy-v20140415
           rhel-6               rhel-cloud     rhel-6-v20140415
           sles-11              suse-cloud     sles-11-sp3-v20140306

           As new images are released, these aliases will be updated. If using
           this tool in a script where depending on a specific version of an
           image is necessary, then do not use the aliases. Instead, use the
           URI of the desired image.

           Aliases are expanded first, so avoid creating images in your
           project whose names are in the set of aliases. If you do create an
           image whose name matches an alias, you can refer to it by using its
           URI.

           This flag is mutually exclusive with "--source-snapshot".

       --source-snapshot SOURCE_SNAPSHOT
           A source snapshot used to create the disks. It is safe to delete a
           snapshot after a disk has been created from the snapshot. In such
           cases, the disks will no longer reference the deleted snapshot. To
           get a list of snapshots in your current project, run gcloud compute
           snapshots list. A snapshot from an existing disk can be created
           using the gcloud compute disks snapshot command. This flag is
           mutually exclusive with "--source-image".

       --zone ZONE
           The zone to create the disks in.

       --help
           Print a summary help and exit.

