NAME
       gcloud-compute-images-deprecate - Manage deprecation status of Google
       Compute Engine images

SYNOPSIS
       gcloud compute images deprecate
         NAME
         [--delete-in DELETE_IN | --delete-on DELETE_ON]
         [--obsolete-in OBSOLETE_IN | --obsolete-on OBSOLETE_ON]
         [--replacement REPLACEMENT]
         --state STATE
         [-h, --help]

DESCRIPTION
       gcloud compute images deprecate is used to deprecate images.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS
       NAME
           The name of the image to set deprecation status of.

FLAGS
       --delete-in DELETE_IN
           Specifies the amount of time until the image's status should be set
           to DELETED. For instance, specifying "30d" will set the status to
           DELETED in 30 days from the current system time. Valid units for
           this flag are "s" for seconds, "m" for minutes, "h" for hours and
           "d" for days. Note that the image will not be deleted
           automatically. The image will only be marked as deleted. An
           explicit request to delete the image must be made in order to
           remove it from the image list. This flag is mutually exclusive with
           --delete-on.

       --delete-on DELETE_ON
           Similar to --delete-in, but specifies an absolute time when the
           status should be set to DELETED. The date and time specified must
           be a valid RFC 3339 full-date or date-time. For times in UTC, this
           looks like "YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ". For example:
           2020-01-02T00:00:00Z for midnight on January 2, 2020 in UTC. This
           flag is mutually exclusive with --delete-in.

       --obsolete-in OBSOLETE_IN
           Specifies time (in the same format as --delete-in) until this
           image's status should become OBSOLETE. Obsolete images will cause
           an error whenever an attempt is made to apply the image to a new
           disk. This flag is mutually exclusive with --obsolete-on.

       --obsolete-on OBSOLETE_ON
           Specifies time (in the same format as --delete-on) when this
           image's status should become OBSOLETE. This flag is mutually
           exclusive with --obsolete-in.

       --replacement REPLACEMENT
           Specifies a Compute Engine image as a replacement for the image
           being phased out. Users of the deprecated image will be advised to
           switch to this replacement. For example, "--replacement my-image"
           or "--replacement projects/google/global/images/my-image". This
           flag is required when setting the image state to anything other
           than "ACTIVE" or when --delete-in, --delete-on, --obsolete-in, or
           --obsolete-on is provided.

       --state STATE
           The deprecation state to set on the image. An image's default state
           is "ACTIVE", suggesting that the image is currently supported.
           Operations which create a new resource using a "DEPRECATED" image
           return successfully, but with a warning indicating that the image
           is deprecated and recommending its replacement. New uses of
           "OBSOLETE" or "DELETED" images result in an error. Note that
           setting the deprecation state to "DELETED" will not automatically
           delete the image. You must still make a request to delete the image
           to remove it from the image list.

       --help
           Print a summary help and exit.

EXAMPLES
       To deprecate an image called "my-image" immediately, mark it as
       obsolete in one day, and mark it as deleted in two days, use:

           $ gcloud compute images deprecate my-image --status DEPRECATED \
               --obsolete-in 1d --delete-in 2d

       To un-deprecate an image called "my-image", use:

           $ gcloud compute images deprecate my-image --status ACTIVE

